Disclaimer! The "ABI_AUDIOSWITCH.exe" is just a compiled .ahk(See the .ahk File in the folder) File Ment to check if ABI(through "Window-title detection" , will not interfere with anticheat) is running or not, 
and will change the config.txt trajectory from:  ↓ →

config.txt↓
	Include: ACTIVE.txt↓
			ACTIVE.txt↓
				Include: HEADPHONES_EQ.txt	to:
			
						
config.txt↓
	Include: ACTIVE.txt↓
			ACTIVE.txt↓
				Include: ABI.txt


The ABI.txt already contains a preset EQ from(YT: Stereo Bites) to adjust the frequensies of loud noises and boost the quieter one, like footsteps.
Since the EQ sound pretty bad outside the Game I coded this Autoswitch. Note, most but not all has been made possible by GPT and People who definitely are better at EQ then me, 
since it's more like a student project to me, I invite you happily to review my code and give feedback.

If the .exe is deleted or not running the EQ's will still continue to work, they just have to be manually selected. 


If the game is uninstalled nothing will break, the software will just continue to run HEADPHONES_EQ.txt and will basically do nothing.
Processing Power should also be not affected for as little code it is, it is propably less than 0.1%

If you want to finetune your ABI.txt EQ you should regard the following, before you adjust everything to your liking:

Preamp: changes the loudness of the overall sound. So -6dB lowers overall sound. But linked with the "VSTPlugin: LoudMax64.dll" Compression it also boosts the quiet sounds:

Loud sounds
→ limited at the ceiling(Ppreamp)
Quiet sounds
→ raised by automatic makeup gain(VST)

Filter: ON/OFF makes just the Line active or inactive wihtout having to delete it.

Filter	What it does
PK	Adjusts a specific frequency range
LS	Adjusts everything below a frequency
HS	Adjusts everything above a frequency

Fc = frequency the value next to it in "Hz" is normally the x=axis on a graph while dB is y=axis and describes how loud something is. So "Fc 100 Hz" is really low and "Fc 13000 Hz" is really High pitch.

Q: Describes how wide or narrow your filter applies on the freaquency spectrum. The lower the value set the wider it reaches. For example: "Filter: ON PK Fc 100 Hz Gain -6 dB Q 0.3" would affect the sound around 100 Hz the most slowly fading out at aound 20-50 Hz below and 250-300 Hz above. Higher Q = steeper, tighter transition around the cutoff frequency lke: "Filter: ON PK Fc 100 Hz Gain -6 dB Q 5" affect only ranging from 90 Hz -110 HZ